now I'm going to show you how to make
California roll you're going to need a
cucumber just cut it off first and off
slice one more time then you're going to
get the seeds up then julienne
that's your julienne cucumber
this is avocado pick stems off then go
360 degrees twist
then you slice
let's see avocado now we are ready to
roll
Calpurnia roll seaweed rough side up
this is a half seaweed with your hand
and I'm going to do inside out inside
the roll is rice is outside regular roll
is seaweed is outside so we're going to
spread the rice on the seaweed cover
each corner each edge with rice then we
flip over so that our rice goes outside
now I'm going to flip over crab cake
avocado
cucumber now pick up your bamboo with
your thumb hold other ingredients with
your other four fingers and coming in
make it tighter pick up o and shape and
then this is the masago you can do the
submersible on the outside masago is
using smelt raw so that's your
California roll so now I'm going to show
you how to slice it in half first put in
half again the half again
that's how you make California roll